Paying the iron price.
Jiggle physics.
Rotating shapes in mid-air so that they fit into other shapes when they fall.
Firefly: Season 2.
Getting bitch slapped by Dhalsim.
Casting Magic Missile at a bully.
Running out of stamina.
An immediately regrettable $9 hot dog from the Boston Convention Center.
The rocket launcher.
Sharpening a foam broadsword on a foam whetstone.
Loading from a previous save.
The depression that ensues after catching 'em all.
Violating the First Law of Robotics.
Getting inside the Horadric Cube with a hot babe and pressing the transmute button.
Punching a tree to gather wood.
Spending the year's insulin budget on Warhammer 40k figurines.
Forgetting to eat, and consequently dying.
Wil Wheaton crashing an actual spaceship.
The Klobb.
Charging up all the way.
Vespene gas.
Judging elves by the color of their skin and not by the content of their character.
Smashing all the pottery in a Pottery Barn in search of rupees.
Achieving 500 actions per minute.
Full HD.
The gravity gun.
Reading the comments.
70,000 gamers sweating and farting inside an airtight steel dome.
The Cock Ring of Alacrity.
Yoshi's huge egg-laying cloaca.
A homemade, cum-stained Star Trek uniform.
Offering sexual favors for an ore and a sheep.
Mario Kart rage.
Bowser's aching heart.
An angry stone head that stomps on the floor every three seconds.
Nude-modding Super Mario World.
Temporary invincibility.
Being an attractive elf trapped in an unattractive human's body.
Filling every pouch of a UtiliKilt&trade; with pizza.
The Sarlacc.
Achieving the manual dexterity and tactical brilliance of a 12-year-old Korean boy.
Allowing nacho cheese to curdle in your beard while you creep in League of Legends.
The collective wail of every Magic player suddenly realizing that they've spent hundreds of dollars on pieces of cardboard.
Rolling a D20 to save a failing marriage.
Legendary Creature &ndash; Robert Khoo.
Winning the approval of Cooking Mama that you never got from actual mama.
Never watching, discussing, or thinking about My Little Pony.
Turn-of-the-century sky racists.
Unlocking a new sex position.
The boner hatch in the Iron Man suit.
Buying virtual clothes for a Sim family instead of real clothes for a real family.
Google Glass + e-cigarette: Ultimate Combo!
The decade of legal inquests following a single hour of Grand Theft Auto.
A fully-dressed female videogame character.
Getting into a situation with an owlbear.
Charles Barkley Shut Up and Jam!
Tapping Sara Angel.
Eating a pizza that's lying on the street to gain health.
SNES cartridge cleaning fluid.
A madman who lives in a policebox and kidnaps women.
Grand Theft Auto: Fort Lauderdale.
Mistakenly hitting on a <i>League of Legends</i> statue.
Ser Jorah Mormont's cerulean-blue balls.
The old gods.
Stuffing my balls into a Sega Genesis and pressing the power button.
Attacking from Kamchatka.
Separate drinking fountains for dark elves.
Lagging out.
Getting bitten by a radioactive spider and then battling leukemia for 30 years.
A giant mechanical bird with a tragic backstory.
The pure, Zen-like state that exists between micro and macro.
Xena,<br>Warrior Princess.
Endless ninjas.
Whatever <i>Final Fantasy</i> bullshit happened this year.
Collecting all seven power crystals.
KHAAAAAAAAAN!
Futuristic death sports.
The imagination of Peter Jackson.
Demons and shit.
All of the good times and premium gaming entertainment available to you in the Kickstarter room.
A grumpy old Harrison Ford who'd rather be doing anything else.
Taking 2d6 emotional damage.
The Star Wars Universe.
Exciting content!
Rubbing chocolate pudding all over Bill Cosby's nipples.
What The Rock was really cooking.
Stepping on a god damn friggin' LEGO.
All this liquid in my mouth.
Giving a dolphin a handjob for science.
Hodor.
A floor that is literally made of lava.
A neck beard that is 10% cheese.
Pelvic sorcery.
Pooping as quietly as possible.
The beautiful sport of Turkish oil wrestling.
No survivors.
Go Fuck Yourself.
A sobering quantity of chili cheese fries.
Going vegetarian and feeling so great all the time.
Kale farts.
Licking the cake batter off of grandma's fingers.
Real cheese flavor.
Swishing the wine around and sniffing it like a big fancy man.
The Dial-A-Slice Apple Divider from Williams-Sonoma.
What to do with all of this chocolate on my penis.
A belly full of hard-boiled eggs.
A joyless vegan patty.
A table for one at The Cheesecake Factory.
Being emotionally and physically dominated by Gordon Ramsay.
Kevin Bacon Bits.
Not knowing what to believe anymore about butter.
Soup that's better than pussy.
Sucking down thousands of pounds of krill every day.
A Mexican child trapped inside of a burrito.
Clamping down on a gazelle's jugular and tasting its warm life waters.
Committing suicide at the Old Country Buffet.
Father's forbidden chocolates.
Jizz Twinkies.
The Hellman's Mayonnaise Corporation.
The hot dog I put in my vagina ten days ago.
The inaudible screams of carrots.