Crazy opium eyes.
nsfw-10 Incredible Facts About the Anus.
An interracial handshake.
Moderate-to-severe joint pain.
nsfw-Finally finishing off the Indians.
Sugar madness.
Actual mutants with medical conditions and no superpowers.
nsfw-The secret formula for ultimate female satisfaction.
The complex geopolitical quagmire that is the Middle East.
nsfw-Fucking a corpse back to life.
Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits.
nsfw-Calculating every mannerism so as not to suggest homosexuality.
Whatever a McRib is made of.
nsfw-No clothes on, penis in vagina.
All the single ladies.
nsfw-Whispering all sexy.
How awesome I am.
nsfw-Ass to mouth.
Smoking crack, for instance.
Falling into the toilet.
nsfw-A dance move that's just sex.
nsfw-The size of my penis.
nsfw-Some sort of Asian.
A hopeless amount of spiders.
nsfw-Party Mexicans.
Drinking responsibly.
nsfw-The safe word.
Angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night.
Bouncing up and down.
nsfw-Jizz.
Ambiguous sarcasm.
A shiny rock that proves I love you.
nsfw-Dem titties.
My worthless son.
Exploding pigeons.
A Ugandan warlord.
nsfw-My sex dungeon.
A kiss on the lips.
Child Protective Services.
A Native American who solves crimes by going into the spirit world.
Doo-doo.
The peaceful and nonthreatening rise of China.
Sports.
A fart.
Unquestioning obedience.
Three consecutive seconds of happiness.
nsfw-Grammar nazis who are also regular Nazis.
nsfw-Snorting coke off a clown's boner.
nsfw-Africa.
nsfw-Depression.
A horse with no legs.
The euphoric rush of strangling a drifter.
nsfw-Khakis.
nsfw-Interspecies marriage.
A gender identity that can only be conveyed through slam poetry.
nsfw-Almost giving money to a homeless person.
Stuff a child's face with Fun Dip® until he starts having fun.
What Jesus would do.
A for-real lizard that spits blood from its eyes.
nsfw-Blackula.
nsfw-The tiniest shred of evidence that God is real.
My dad's dumb fucking face.
Prince Ali, fabulous he, Ali Ababwa.
nsfw-A manhole.
nsfw-A sex goblin with a carnival penis.
A bunch of idiots playing a card game instead of interacting like normal humans.
nsfw-A sex comet from Neptune that plunges the Earth into eternal sexiness.
Sharks with legs.
Injecting speed into one arm and horse tranquilizer into the other.
nsfw-Lots and lots of abortions.
