nsfw-10 football players with erections barreling towards you at full speed.
10,000 shrieking teenage girls.
A big ol' plate of fettuccine alfredo.
A big, beautiful mouth packed to the brim with sparkling teeth.
A black friend.
A burrito that's just sour cream.
A cheerfulness that belies a deep-seated self-loathing.
A cold and indifferent universe.
nsfw-A creature made of penises that must constantly arouse itself to survive.
A creepy child singing a nursery rhyme.
A dolphin that learns to talk and becomes the Dead of Harvard Law School.
A duffel bag full of lizards.
nsfw-A finger up the butt.
nsfw-A genetic predisposition for alcoholism.
nsfw-A gun that shoots cobras.
A hug.
A long business meeting with no obvious purpose.
A man in a suit with perfect hair who tells you beautiful lies.
A man with the head of a goat and the body of a goat.
nsfw-A massive collection of child pornography.
A medium horchata.
A negative body image that is totally justified.
A slowly encroaching circle of wolves.
A strong horse and enough rations for thirty days.
A terrified fat child who won't come out of the bushes.
A tiny fireman who puts out tiny fires.
A weird guy who says weird stuff and weirds me out.
A woman's right to choose.
A woman's perspective.
nsfw-Aborting the shit out of a fetus.
nsfw-Albert Einstein but if he had a huge muscles and a rhinoceros cock.
nsfw-All these people I've killed.
nsfw-An arrangement wherein I give a person money they have sex with me.
An empowered woman.
nsfw-An incurable homosexual.
An old dog full of tumors.
An older man.
nsfw-An X-Man whose power is that he has sex with dogs and children.
nsfw-Anal.
nsfw-Antidepressants.
Art.
nsfw-Assassinating the president.
Awesome pictures of planets and stuff.
Bad emotions I don't want.
Becoming the President of the United States.
nsfw-Being sexually attracted to children.
Being turned into sausages.
Beyoncé.
Big, smart money boys tap-tapping on their keyboards.
Blossoming into a beautiful young woman.
nsfw-Breastfeeding in public like a radiant earth goddess.
Brunch.
Catching a live salmon in your mouth.
nsfw-Child labor.
China.
Chipotle.
Chris Hemsworth.
Comprehensive immigration reform.
Condoleezza Rice.
nsfw-Consensual, nonreproductive incest.
Content.
nsfw-Crazy anal orgasms.
Creamy slices of real, California avocado.
Critical thinking.
Crushing the patriarchy.
Daddy going away forever.
Defeating a gorilla in single combat.
nsfw-Denying the Holocaust.
nsfw-Dis bitch.
nsfw-Discovering that what I really want in life is to kill people and have sex with their corpses.
Doing a somersault and barfing.
nsfw-Dominating a man by peeing on his eldest son.
Doritos and a Fruit Roll-Up.
nsfw-Dropping dead in a Sbarro's bathroom and not being found for 72 hours.
Dumpster juice.
nsfw-Eating ass.
nsfw-Eating people.
nsfw-Eating too many Cinnabons and then vomiting and then eating the vomit.
nsfw-Ejaculating at the apex of a cartwheel.
Esmeralda, my most beautiful daughter.
Eternal screaming madness.
nsfw-Every man's ultimate fantasy: a perfectly cylindrical vagina.
Everything.
nsfw-Exploring each other's buttholes.
Facilitating dialogue and deconstructing binaries.
Falling into a pit of waffles.
nsfw-Farting a huge shit out of my pussy.
nsfw-Farting all over my face with your tight little asshole.
Feeling the emotion of anger.
Feminism.
Film roles for actresses over 40.
nsfw-Finding a nice elevator to poop in.
nsfw-Forty-five minutes of finger blasting.
nsfw-Founding a major world religion.
nsfw-Fucking me good and taking me to Red Lobster®.
nsfw-Fucking my therapist.
Gary.
Gay thoughts.
Gayle from HR.
Gazpacho.
nsfw-Getting aborted.
Getting blasted in the face by a t-shirt cannon.
nsfw-Getting eaten out by a dog.
nsfw-Getting high with mom.
nsfw-Getting killed and dragged up a tree by a leopard.
nsfw-Getting laid like all the time.
nsfw-Getting naked too soon.
nsfw-Getting pegged.
Getting the Dorito crumbs out of my purse.
Getting this party started!
Getting trapped in a conversation about Ayn Rand.
nsfw-Going around pulling people's tampons out.
Going to bed at a reasonable hour.
Gregor, my largest son.
nsfw-Grunting for ten minutes and then peeing sand.
nsfw-Guns.
Happy daddies with happy sandals.
nsfw-Hating Jews.
nsfw-Having a vagina.
nsfw-Having an awesome time drinking and driving.
nsfw-Having sex with a beautiful person.
nsfw-Having sex with a man and then eating his head.
nsfw-Having sex with your mom.
nsfw-Holding the proper political beliefs of my time to attract a mate.
Homework.
Hot lettuce.
How good lead paint taste.
nsfw-How great my ass looks in these jeans.
How sad it will be when Morgan Freeman dies.
How strange it is to be anything at all.
nsfw-Huge big balls full of jizz.
nsfw-Informing you that I am a registered sex offender.
nsfw-ISIS.
nsfw-It being too late to stop having sex with a horse.
Jason, the teen mayor.
Jazz.
nsfw-Just now finding out about the Armenian Genocide.
Late-stage dementia.
Libertarians.
Loud, scary thunder.
Making out and stuff.
Math.
Meatloaf, the food.
Meatloaf, the man.
Menopause.
nsfw-Mental illness.
nsfw-Microaggressions.
nsfw-Misogyny.
Mixing M&Ms and Skittles like some kind of psychopath.
nsfw-Mommy and daddy fighting all the time.
Moon people.
nsfw-Muchin' puss.
My brother's hot friends.
nsfw-My dog dying.
nsfw-My huge penis and substantial fortune.
nsfw-Objectifying women.
nsfw-One of them big-city Jew lawyers.
nsfw-One of those "blow jobs" I've been hearing so much about.
Onions.
nsfw-Opening your mouth to talk and a big penis fops out.
Our baby.
nsfw-Out-of-control teenage blowjob parties.
nsfw-Overthrowing the democratically-elected government of Chile.
Participating.
nsfw-Period poops.
Picking up a glass of water and taking a sip and being the president.
nsfw-Playing my asshole like a trumpet.
nsfw-Plowing that ass like a New England corn farmer.
nsfw-Political correctness.
Pooping in a leotard and hoping no one notices.
Pooping in the potty.
nsfw-Prematurely ejaculating like a total loser.
Pretending to be one of the guys but actually being the spider god.
nsfw-Putting more black people in jail.
Quacking like a duck in lieu of a cogent argument.
Quinoa.
Raising three kids on minimum wage.
nsfw-Reaching an age where barbecue chips are better than sex.
nsfw-Regurgitating a half-digested sparrow.
nsfw-Restoring Germany to its former glory.
nsfw-Rock-hard tits and a huge vagina.
Rolling so hard.
nsfw-Rubbing my bush all over your bald head.
Salsa Night at Dave's Cantina.
nsfw-Scissoring, if that's a thing.
Seizing control of the means of production.
Self-identifying as a DJ.
nsfw-Showing all the boys my pussy.
Slamming a dunk.
nsfw-Smashing my balls at the moment of climax.
nsfw-Some of that good dick.
Some real spicy shrimps.
nsfw-Starting a shitty podcast.
Straight blazin' 24/7.
nsfw-Sucking each other's penises for hours on end.
Sudden and unwanted slam poetry.
Swearing praise upon the Sultan's hideous daughters.
Systems and policies designed to preserve centuries-old power structures.
Tables.
Taking the form of a falcon.
Tender chunks of all-white-meat chicken.
nsfw-That bitch, Stacy.
nsfw-The amount of baby carrots I can fit up my ass.
The best, deepest quotes from The Dark Knight.
The body of a 46-year-old man.
The bond between a woman and her horse.
The chicken from Popeyes®.
The clown that followed me home from the grocery store.
The fear and hatred in men's hearts.
The feeling of going to McDonald's as a 6-year-old.
The flaming wreckage of the International Space Station.
nsfw-The full blown marginalization of ugly people.
The full force of the American military.
The government.
The graceful path of an autumn leaf as it falls to its earthen cradle.
nsfw-The hottest MILF in Dallas.
The LGBT community.
The lived experience of African Americans.
The mysterious fog rolling into town.
nsfw-The ol' penis-in-the-popcorn surprise.
nsfw-The Rwandan Genocide.
The secret to truly resilient hair.
The sweet, forbidden meat of the monkey.
The wind.
Thinking about what eating even is.
nsfw-Three hours of nonstop penetration.
nsfw-Tiny, rancid girl farts.
Trees.
Trevor, the world's greatest boyfriend.
Turning 32.
Twenty bucks.
nsfw-Twenty cheerleaders laughing at your tiny penis.
nsfw-Twisting my cock and balls into a balloon poodle.
nsfw-Two beautiful pig sisters.
nsfw-Two shitty kids and a garbage husband.
Waking up inside of a tornado.
Watching a hot person eat.
nsfw-Watching you die.
Water.
When the big truck goes "Toot! Toot!"
nsfw-Who really did 9/11.
Whomsoever let the dogs out.
nsfw-Whooping your ass at Mario Kart.
Working so hard to have muscles and then having them.
You.
